Abstract.md, before:

---
output: pdf_document
---
# How to become more reproducible
# A Postdoc Masterclass on Reproducible Research 
## Wednesday 8th July 2015 18:30 - 20:00

![I think you should be more explicit here in step two](SidneyHarris_MiracleWeb.jpg)


(copyright by Sidney Harris)

##Abstract

Recently there has been an increasing realisation that for our publications to have maximum impact, the findings must be replicated, and possibly expanded, by others. Technological advances in all areas of the life sciences have to led to a data explosion and require increasingly complex data analyses techniques. It can quickly become a nightmare for a single researcher to keep track of all the stages of their analysis workflow; let alone expect a researcher from another institute to repeat the same analysis several months or years down the line. In this masterclass, we will discuss how leading journals are becoming increasingly stringent in their quest for transparency and reproducibility, and give examples of how we have suceeded (and in some cases failed!) to rise to these challenges.

##Speakers
1. Dr James Brenton (Cancer Research Uk Cambridge Institute)
2. Dr Florian Markowetz (Cancer Research Uk Cambridge Institute)
3. Dr Gordon Brown (Cancer Research Uk Cambridge Institute)
4. Dr Stephen Eglen (Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics)

Commit message:

add about high-profile failures

Abstract.md, after:

---
output: pdf_document
---
# How to become more reproducible
# A Postdoc Masterclass on Reproducible Research 
## Wednesday 8th July 2015 18:30 - 20:00

![I think you should be more explicit here in step two](SidneyHarris_MiracleWeb.jpg)


(copyright by Sidney Harris)

##Abstract

Recently there has been an increasing realisation that for our publications to have maximum impact, the findings must be replicated and expanded by others. Technological advances in all areas of the life sciences have to led to a data explosion and require increasingly complex data analyses techniques. It can quickly become a nightmare for a single researcher to keep track of all the stages of their analysis workflow; let alone expect a researcher from another institute to repeat the same analysis several months or years down the line. Moreover, there have been high-profile cases where Clinical decisions have been based on flawed and misleading analyses. In this masterclass we will give a series of short vignettes that describe the technologies that can help us be more reproducible and share our own successes and failures in satisfying journals that are now requiring transparency and reproducible analyses.

##Speakers
1. Dr James Brenton (Cancer Research Uk Cambridge Institute)
2. Dr Florian Markowetz (Cancer Research Uk Cambridge Institute)
3. Dr Gordon Brown (Cancer Research Uk Cambridge Institute)
4. Dr Stephen Eglen (Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics)
